Zhao Daming, don't say we didn't give you a chance?
Now is your chance
See if you are useful in this trash
Brother, you know my back is hurt
No more weightlifting.
Or you could get killed.
No, no.
Come, let's take a picture and record it.
Take a picture. Take a picture.
Second uncle is optimistic
Uh-huh.
Oh, oops, haha.
Hahahaha, oops, that's amazing.
Hahahaha
As expected of an Olympian.
Easily lift 300 kilograms for ten years
My son has a chance to win the third place in the Olympic Games.
The person who brought glory to our armed ancestors
Hmph, uncle, I'm looking at you
It's not that it can't be lifted.
I lost to Gao Qiao Taro that year
You cowardly Zhao Daming
If you can't lift this ten years
Just get out
Don't embarrass your ancestors
The heritage of my old Zhao family
My dignity
My daughter's innocence
It's all on my shoulders now
Even if you risk your life today
I want to protect them too
I will never
Mr. Jakes reported it
The player has no problem.
And not only did he break the women's record
He broke the world record.
What score is no problem?
It's incredible.
Notify his country
Their player broke the world record
What Olympic champion broke the world record?
In our country
The Olympic champion who broke the world record
In our Tiandong Province
The Olympic champion is in our city of plum blossoms
What Olympic champion is in our Liuhua County?
He broke the world record.
Get the car ready, I'm going to Zhaojiacun immediately